4.5 release page (#1138)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_release_4_5/entry-platforms-windows-modify-metadata-without-rcedit.md

---
type: entry
section: platforms
subsection: windows
rank: 0
importance: 2
anchor: modify-metadata-without-rcedit
title: Modify metadata without `rcedit`
blockquote: So long, `rcedit`!
text: |

>   Windows `.exe` files metadata (such as a custom icon, the product name, and the company information) is stored internally as "resources".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Windows `.exe` files metadata (such as a custom icon, the product name, and the company information) are stored internally as "resources".
```

Reviewer 2: I'd say it should instead be:
```suggestion
  Windows `.exe` file metadata (such as a custom icon, the product name, and the company information) is stored internally as "resources".
```
Metadata is uncountable, and I'd say usually referenced in singular ("file" rather than "files" as it's a noun modifying another noun which is always singular in English)

  For years, in order to modify these resources, the Windows exporter needed to access an external Windows program: [`rcedit`](https://github.com/electron/rcedit). That made it really difficult to export for Windows on a non-Windows machine.

>   That’s until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without a hitch, on every platform.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  But now, the Windows exporter knows how to edit the resources natively, so you can edit Windows export metadata without a hitch on every platform.
```

Reviewer: I also think the first "edit" could be changed to maybe "handle", to reduce the repetition of "edit".

>   That's until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without an hitch, on every platform.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  That's until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without a hitch, on every platform.
```

>   That's until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without an hitch, on every platform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  That’s until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without a hitch, on every platform.
```

>   That's until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without an hitch, on every platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  That's until now. The Windows exporter now knows how to edit the resources natively. It means you can edit Windows export metadata without a hitch, on every platform.
```
